Now if you take the initiative to divorce Chen Bufan
I can ignore all your strides
It can even promise you a lifetime of glory and wealth
But only if
You have to remarry that loser
I want Chen Bufan to see clearly
The woman he's attracted to is a lowly person who can be bought with money
How much can you offer?
10 million, 100 million, whatever you want
That's it. I thought General Xia was as rich as his country
I didn't expect it to be so
Be careful what you say
Chen Bufan can protect you for a while
But I can't protect you forever
I'll kill you as easily as I kill an ant
Don't be afraid I said
I don't even want my life for you
Sister Chen, why did you try to steal my wife from me?
The next general is the proud daughter of heaven
I beg you.
You don't get my wife into the whirlpool of this drunk township
Who says I'm fat?
My wife was right
This marriage can and must be refunded
Hum
Very good Chen Bufan
I will take the marriage certificate to your Chen family to ask for an explanation
I want the whole world to know
My next engagement
No one can return it.
No one dares to return
You can't take this explanation.
This engagement must be annulled today
What are you?
Are you looking for death?
Since Pojun is here, come in
Tell General Xia
The empress's husband is Chen Bufan
See if he has the guts to fail the marriage